so I'm glad you got out of the snow and
it's nice here right now right it's
gorgeous here yeah it's it's a it's a
really lovely lovely time of year to be
here I mean it's always pretty here but
it's really nice here alright so we flew
out for a taping one thing we didn't
mention is that we had gotten an email
from you that I would like to read
because it wasn't just a random call I
mean we called you but then we just
decided we should let people hear about
your situation dear Ellen two and a half
years ago I married my husband Chris and
four months later we moved in with my
parents in order to save up money to
eventually buy a house two years later
we still live with my parents with just
a bedroom to ourselves four months ago
we welcomed our baby boy Cameron into
the world
we both both work low-paying jobs and
pay over $1,500 a month in student loans
my parents are amazing people and I'm so
happy they took us in but what would
love more than anything is to start
saving for a place of our own well I
don't blame you you want I mean it's
nice that they took you in but yeah and
that precious picture did they show the
picture with the doggy that Sophie she
loves him she loves him she tries to
give him kisses also protective right
they just it's amazing so what is the
biggest challenge that you face being
there just well we really have no choice
because our student loans are ridiculous
I mean and but you both have jobs so
that's I work at a daycare and he works
at like a doggy daycare we have the same
stories well certainly that's gonna be
hard to save then so we want to give you
a little kickstart we want to help you
so you can start getting out on your own
Andy we wanted to help you out and give
you $10,000